Align runtimes (#1175)
polkadot-fellows/runtimes: CHANGELOG.md

- Asset Hub Polkadot & Kusama: add `PrevalidateAttests` transaction extension to the `TxExtension` ([#1156](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/1156))
- Zombienet SDK integration tests for elastic scaling on Asset Hub Polkadot and People Polkadot.

### Changed

> - All runtimes: align `MaxFreezes` to `frame_support::traits::VariantCountOf<RuntimeFreezeReason>` (replacing hardcoded `ConstU32`), and source `TransactionByteFee` from `system_parachains_constants::{polkadot,kusama}::fee::TRANSACTION_BYTE_FEE` on Coretime and People runtimes. On Polkadot this halves the per-byte fee on Coretime and People to match Asset Hub; on Kusama the value is unchanged. Also cleans up `# Substrate` / `# Polkadot` / `# Cumulus` section-delimiter comments from system-parachain crate manifests ([#1175](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/1175)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Align all runtimes to use the same values for e.g. `TransactionByteFee` and some other clean ups. ([#1175](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/1175)).
```

### Changed

- Zombienet SDK integration tests for elastic scaling on Asset Hub Polkadot and People Polkadot.

### Changed

- Align all runtimes to use the same values for e.g. `TransactionByteFee` and some other clean ups. ([#1175](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/1175)).

> ### Changed

Reviewer 2: Three changed sections is a lot 😆 

PS: Am fixing at as part of 1159
